# `dicom_tools`
A collection of Python utilities that are related to the processing of images
in the [DICOM](https://www.dicomstandard.org/) format.

I have a lot of these that I've created for research purposes, some of which
have been distributed elsewhere, but I am beginning to collect the more
general-purpose ones together here so that I can find and include them in
other projects easily.

## Usage Info
Generally, the usage can be obtained by running one of the scripts with the
`-h` flag.  This is an eclectic group of scripts, so the usage varies from one
to the next.

I am publishing these as-is mostly for my own use, so if you aren't
comfortable reading Python code to determine what they do, you might want to
look for libraries elsewhere that are better documented.

## Disclaimer
I am publishing these utilities primarily for my own convenience; I make
changes to them often and I might break things without noticing...  Use these
at your own risk!

## Coding Guidelines
All Python code here is formatted with the
[`black`](https://github.com/ambv/black) tool before committing.


## MIT License

Copyright (c) 2015-2018 Jason L Causey, Arkansas State University

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
